Bjarne Stroustrup created c++ in 1979
when he was only 29 years old he was
working at Bell Labs and needed a
programming language to help him
maintain clusters of UNIX servers he
wanted a programming language with both
the high-level features of languages
like Simula and the raw speed of C so he
created a language that he called C with
classes C with classes had features like
classes and also strong types but
maintained the lightning-fast speed of
the C programming language C++ as he
later renamed it took off and eventually
was adopted by the international
standards organization which created an
ISO standard governing the C++
programming language that means that C++
is not controlled by any one person but
rather by a standards body that meets
regularly to map out the future of the
C++ programming language in 2011 the C++
Standards Committee released C++ 11
which was a major update to the
programming language standard C++ 11
turned C++ into a truly modern
programming language that has both the
elegance and ease of development that we
associate with modern programming
languages while maintaining the raw
performance that C++ has always had be
honest Stroustrup remains involved in
the C++ programming language to this day
as a member of the ISO standards
committee and he'll be teaching you
throughout this program about the
different facilities of the C++
programming language